README.md, before:

# React Native Dynamic POST API Call Demo

"This React Native project illustrates a dynamic Post API call featuring input fields and form data. The application allows users to interact with a form, make a POST request to an API, and then displays the results in a modal. The modal provides a user-friendly interface to view the outcomes of the API call."

## Table of Contents
- [Features](#features)
- [Demo](#demo)
- [Screenshots](#Screenshots)
- [Installation](#installation)

## Features

- **Dynamic Post API Call:** Submit dynamic data (name, age, email) to a remote API.
- **Loading Indicator:** Display an activity indicator with a dynamic loading message.
- **Modal:** Utilize a modal to present the results of the dynamic API call.
- **Styling:** Clean and responsive UI with thoughtfully chosen styling.

### Demo

| Demo |
|------|
| <img src="assets/demo.gif" width="250"> |

### Screenshots

| Home Screen | Home Screen With Data | Loading Indicator | Modal Result |
|-------------|------------------------|--------------------|--------------|
| <img src="assets/screenshot_home.png" width="250"> | <img src="assets/screenshot_home2.png" width="250"> | <img src="assets/screenshot_loading.png" width="250"> | <img src="assets/screenshot_modal.png" width="250"> |

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/amoltdhage/ReactNative-DynamicPostAPIDemo.git


This is a new [**React Native**](https://reactnative.dev) project, bootstrapped using [`@react-native-community/cli`](https://github.com/react-native-community/cli).

# Getting Started

>**Note**: Make sure you have completed the [React Native - Environment Setup](https://reactnative.dev/docs/environment-setup) instructions till "Creating a new application" step, before proceeding.

## Step 1: Start the Metro Server

First, you will need to start **Metro**, the JavaScript _bundler_ that ships _with_ React Native.

To start Metro, run the following command from the _root_ of your React Native project:

```bash
# using npm
npm start

# OR using Yarn
yarn start
```

## Step 2: Start your Application

Let Metro Bundler run in its _own_ terminal. Open a _new_ terminal from the _root_ of your React Native project. Run the following command to start your _Android_ or _iOS_ app:

### For Android

```bash
# using npm
npm run android

# OR using Yarn
yarn android
```

### For iOS

```bash
# using npm
npm run ios

# OR using Yarn
yarn ios
```

If everything is set up _correctly_, you should see your new app running in your _Android Emulator_ or _iOS Simulator_ shortly provided you have set up your emulator/simulator correctly.

This is one way to run your app — you can also run it directly from within Android Studio and Xcode respectively.

## Step 3: Modifying your App

Now that you have successfully run the app, let's modify it.

1. Open `App.tsx` in your text editor of choice and edit some lines.
2. For **Android**: Press the <kbd>R</kbd> key twice or select **"Reload"** from the **Developer Menu** (<kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>M</kbd> (on Window and Linux) or <kbd>Cmd ⌘</kbd> + <kbd>M</kbd> (on macOS)) to see your changes!

   For **iOS**: Hit <kbd>Cmd ⌘</kbd> + <kbd>R</kbd> in your iOS Simulator to reload the app and see your changes!

## Congratulations! :tada:

You've successfully run and modified your React Native App. :partying_face:

### Now what?

- If you want to add this new React Native code to an existing application, check out the [Integration guide](https://reactnative.dev/docs/integration-with-existing-apps).
- If you're curious to learn more about React Native, check out the [Introduction to React Native](https://reactnative.dev/docs/getting-started).

# Troubleshooting

If you can't get this to work, see the [Troubleshooting](https://reactnative.dev/docs/troubleshooting) page.

# Learn More

To learn more about React Native, take a look at the following resources:

- [React Native Website](https://reactnative.dev) - learn more about React Native.
- [Getting Started](https://reactnative.dev/docs/environment-setup) - an **overview** of React Native and how setup your environment.
- [Learn the Basics](https://reactnative.dev/docs/getting-started) - a **guided tour** of the React Native **basics**.
- [Blog](https://reactnative.dev/blog) - read the latest official React Native **Blog** posts.
- [`@facebook/react-native`](https://github.com/facebook/react-native) - the Open Source; GitHub **repository** for React Native.

Commit message:

docs: Add text field validation details to README

README.md, after:

# React Native Dynamic POST API Call Demo

"This React Native project illustrates a dynamic Post API call featuring input fields and form data. The application allows users to interact with a form, make a POST request to an API, and then displays the results in a modal. The modal provides a user-friendly interface to view the outcomes of the API call."

## Table of Contents
- [Features](#features)
- [Demo](#demo)
- [Screenshots](#Screenshots)
- [TextFieldValidations](#TextFieldValidations)
- [Installation](#installation)

## Features

- **Dynamic Post API Call:** Submit dynamic data (name, age, email) to a remote API.
- **Loading Indicator:** Display an activity indicator with a dynamic loading message.
- **Modal:** Utilize a modal to present the results of the dynamic API call.
- **Styling:** Clean and responsive UI with thoughtfully chosen styling.

### Demo

| Demo |
|------|
| <img src="assets/demo.gif" width="250"> |

### Screenshots

| Home Screen | Home Screen With Data | Loading Indicator | Modal Result |
|-------------|------------------------|--------------------|--------------|
| <img src="assets/screenshot_home.png" width="250"> | <img src="assets/screenshot_home2.png" width="250"> | <img src="assets/screenshot_loading.png" width="250"> | <img src="assets/screenshot_modal.png" width="250"> |


### Text Field Validations

In this application, we have implemented validations for each text field to ensure data integrity and improve user experience. Below are the details of the validations for each field:

### Name Field

- **Requirement:** Mandatory
- **Validation Criteria:**
  - Cannot be empty or contain only spaces.
  - Allows only alphabets and single spaces between words.

### Age Field

- **Requirement:** Mandatory
- **Validation Criteria:**
  - Must be a two-digit number.
  - Should be between the age range of 10 to 99.

### Email Field

- **Requirement:** Mandatory
- **Validation Criteria:**
  - Must be a valid email address format.

These validations help maintain the quality of data and provide users with clear guidelines for input.


## Installation

1. Clone the repository:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/amoltdhage/ReactNative-DynamicPostAPIDemo.git


This is a new [**React Native**](https://reactnative.dev) project, bootstrapped using [`@react-native-community/cli`](https://github.com/react-native-community/cli).

# Getting Started

>**Note**: Make sure you have completed the [React Native - Environment Setup](https://reactnative.dev/docs/environment-setup) instructions till "Creating a new application" step, before proceeding.

## Step 1: Start the Metro Server

First, you will need to start **Metro**, the JavaScript _bundler_ that ships _with_ React Native.

To start Metro, run the following command from the _root_ of your React Native project:

```bash
# using npm
npm start

# OR using Yarn
yarn start
```

## Step 2: Start your Application

Let Metro Bundler run in its _own_ terminal. Open a _new_ terminal from the _root_ of your React Native project. Run the following command to start your _Android_ or _iOS_ app:

### For Android

```bash
# using npm
npm run android

# OR using Yarn
yarn android
```

### For iOS

```bash
# using npm
npm run ios

# OR using Yarn
yarn ios
```

If everything is set up _correctly_, you should see your new app running in your _Android Emulator_ or _iOS Simulator_ shortly provided you have set up your emulator/simulator correctly.

This is one way to run your app — you can also run it directly from within Android Studio and Xcode respectively.

## Step 3: Modifying your App

Now that you have successfully run the app, let's modify it.

1. Open `App.tsx` in your text editor of choice and edit some lines.
2. For **Android**: Press the <kbd>R</kbd> key twice or select **"Reload"** from the **Developer Menu** (<kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>M</kbd> (on Window and Linux) or <kbd>Cmd ⌘</kbd> + <kbd>M</kbd> (on macOS)) to see your changes!

   For **iOS**: Hit <kbd>Cmd ⌘</kbd> + <kbd>R</kbd> in your iOS Simulator to reload the app and see your changes!

## Congratulations! :tada:

You've successfully run and modified your React Native App. :partying_face:

### Now what?

- If you want to add this new React Native code to an existing application, check out the [Integration guide](https://reactnative.dev/docs/integration-with-existing-apps).
- If you're curious to learn more about React Native, check out the [Introduction to React Native](https://reactnative.dev/docs/getting-started).

# Troubleshooting

If you can't get this to work, see the [Troubleshooting](https://reactnative.dev/docs/troubleshooting) page.

# Learn More

To learn more about React Native, take a look at the following resources:

- [React Native Website](https://reactnative.dev) - learn more about React Native.
- [Getting Started](https://reactnative.dev/docs/environment-setup) - an **overview** of React Native and how setup your environment.
- [Learn the Basics](https://reactnative.dev/docs/getting-started) - a **guided tour** of the React Native **basics**.
- [Blog](https://reactnative.dev/blog) - read the latest official React Native **Blog** posts.
- [`@facebook/react-native`](https://github.com/facebook/react-native) - the Open Source; GitHub **repository** for React Native.
